Dev (#47)
42-AI/bootcamp_data-engineering: day01/ex02/ex02.md

# Exercise 02 - Your first Index Your first Mapping.

|                         |                    |
| -----------------------:| ------------------ |

> |   Turnin directory :    |  ex02              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   Turn-in directory:    |  ex02              |

```

> |   Files to turn in :    |  ex02-rendu.txt    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   Files to turn in:     |  ex02-rendu.txt    |

```

> |   Forbidden function :  |  None              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   Forbidden functions:  |  None              |

```

> |   Remarks :             |  you have to put all the request you run in Kibana in ex02-rendu.txt |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   Remarks:              |  you have to put all the request you run in Kibana in ex02-rendu.txt |

```

At this point, you should have 4 documents in your twitter index from the previous exercise. You are now going to learn about the mapping.

> Doing NoSQL doesn't mean you should not structure your data. When you want to optimize your cluster you must define the mapping of your index, we will see why. You have noticed that in the previous exercise, when you create a document, Elasticsearch automatically created the index for you. Well, it also creates a default mapping for this index.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using NoSQL doesn't mean you should not structure your data. If you want to optimize your cluster you must define the mapping of your index. We will see why. You may have noticed that in the previous exercise, every time you created a document, Elasticsearch automatically created the index for you. Well, it also generates a default mapping for this index.  

```
